# CS-250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
To interpret a user's needs, it is important to understand exactly what the customer or user expects from the product you are creating. The best way to do this is to start by meeting with the customers and end users and asking them exactly what they're expecting. This can be done via face-to-face meetings, surveys, online meetings, or e-mails. The development team should then develop a profile of what the typical user will be like and tailor the program to that customer by identifying specific inputs and outputs of the program. The creation of user stories is vital to the success of a program and the satisfaction of the customer. User stories provide a clear, concise method to document the user's needs as well as prioritize them in a way that the entire development team can understand. User stories also promotes teammwork and helps keep the entire team customer-focused when developing the program.
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
In the end, the way I approach a developing program will depend on the specific program and situation. The same can be said about the agile processes I would use. However, generally, I would begin by identifying exactly what the customer is expecting to get out of the product. From there, I would incorporate an agile process like affinity grouping and bring the team together to group specific requirements together by size or priority. I would also incorporate Daily Scrums immediately which would promote communication throughout the entire team and hopefully promote cohesiveness between the team as long as everyone feels comfortable speaking up in front of the rest of the team. Another agile concept that I would immediately adopt would be the embracement of change. As requirements change, as they will inevitably do, the team will be in a perfect position to embrace the change by using iterative development and testing in concurrence with the program's development.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good, productive team member on a software development team should adhere to company as well as industry standard practices and codes of ethics. Another desirable quality would be technical competence and really knowing your role in and out whether that be a developer, tester, etc. Also, a good team member obviously needs to be great at working with a team especially in an Agile-scrum environment. That can make or break a program's development. Attention to detail is also vital in a software development team member. Being able to identify small details especially when others overlook them have the potential to save the team countless dollars and hours by preventing rework. Documentation skills are also a huge plus in a team member. A developer should be able to document any flaws as well as how to use the product while at the same time still developing the product. In the end, successful software development hinges on effective team collaboration so communication skills and the ablility to give and receive constructive feedback is a great quality in a software development team member.
